Leonardo/users relationship impl (#260)
desmos-labs/desmos: docs/developers/msgs/delete-relationship.md

# `MsgDeleteRelationship`

> This message allows you to delete a mono directional relationship with a specified counterparty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This message allows you to delete a relationship existing with a specified counterparty.
```
